explain process.argv (#104)
software-tools-in-javascript/js4ds: promises.tex

but it's a lot more convenient if we allow users to provide it as a command-line argument
when they run our script.
To aid this,
we'll use the property within Node called \texttt{process.argv}

> which returns the command line arguments as an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is an array containing all the command line arguments passed to the script.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure that I like the use of "returns" here as, to me, that implies that `process.argv` is a function rather than an object.

Author: Good call, thanks!
